#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE - Girl Front"
ah~
Ah~~
AH~~~
It's so cool!
Kim Lip: Thank you for your effort!
Kim Lip: From the USA to Seoul
Kim Lip: All the schedules for the MV and photo shooting are done!
Kim Lip: How was it, Choerry?
Choerry: First of all, it was a lot of fun~
Choerry: And also it was a great experience!
Kim Lip: It was really fun to do
Kim Lip: With all three members together, not alone!
Kim Lip: HyunJin, as a senior, could you give some words for us?
HyunJin: Don't get nervous, and do your best whenever you can!
HyunJin: And hope you show everything you have on the stage!
Kim Lip: The promotion is just around the corner!
Kim Lip: Let's work hard together!
(Please looking forward to upcoming episodes of LOOΠΔ TV, too)
See you~